who is it he exists in a world beyond
your world but we only fantasize he does
he lives a life where nothing is beyond
him who takes what he wants when he
wants
how do I find him you don't find him he
finds you good job
senator we have a problem did you know
that I can buy nuclear warheads for 40
million each hell i buy half a doesn't
even get a discount what do you think is
gonna happen if he starts tying up loose
ends my employer wants to meet you he'll
pay you just to meet you see different
heard of operation swordfish no there's
a sweet deal not a half-billion get any
idea of how much money that is we going
over the phone lines pop the firewall
sit back wait for the money so what we
need from you Stanley is a worm Marco
let's give him some incentive hey what
are you doing I have been told that the
best crackers in the world can do this
in 60 minutes unfortunately I need
someone who can do it in 60 seconds
you're kidding go
45 seconds
get these people killed 20
who are you who know what you think one
more time come on dad
fifteen I think that she sent him a
bankrupt chooses time control be
advised that this is now an aerial
pursue
three two one too bad you got a die no
no wait wait not everything ends what
you think it should John Travolta you
Justin Halle Berry and Don Cheadle
swordfish